Feb 28, 2019
1:50 pm
Spinks S371
Meeting Agenda for group G3

Prior to TA meeting, 1:00pm
1. Team will meet at 1pm before our scheduled meeting with the TA to continue working on high level design interactions from our work session on the 26th. 

2. Need to discuss observer pattern again because it has so far been left out of our class diagram, though we have discussed it previously. 

3. Need to go through the class diagram that Kole made up and make sure everyone understands all interactions and the system so far makes sense.

TA meeting 1:50pm
4. Once the TA meeting begins, we should check in with everyone as recommended by Professor Dutchyn and see if all members are satisfied with our group so far.

5. Make time to listen to any feedback on our requirements document if there is any to hear yet. 

6. If a new meeting hasn't been set yet in time and date then set one.

7. With remaining time, anything we didn't handle before our TA meeting should come up, specifically any questions for Parker that came up during our work session.