Feb 7, 2019
1:50 pm
Spinks S371
Meeting Minutes for group G3

1. Main topic for this meeting will be getting everyone on the same page 
about design standards and what all needs to be done - follow up from 
our meeting earlier in the week.
	- start working on UML diagrams, interactions between functions
	- class diagrams, preconditions, postconditions
	- choose a system for defensible reasons

2. Second topic will be discussing design architecture with the TA 
to help inform our selection, as lecture material was light.
	- hoping that more lecture info is coming
	- model-view-controller is the most obvious choice

3. Last will be scheduling another meeting so we can attempt to get 
design done quickly so everyone can focus on midterms.


Parts of Design Document that we know exist

which architecture and why
UML diagrams
Class diagrams