Feb 7, 2019
1:50 pm
Spinks S371
Meeting Agenda for group G3

1. Main topic for this meeting will be getting everyone on the same page about design standards and what all needs to be done - follow up from our meeting earlier in the week.

2. Second topic will be discussing design architecture with the TA to help inform our selection, as lecture material was light.

3. Last will be scheduling another meeting so we can attempt to get design done quickly so everyone can focus on midterms.


