Jan 24, 2019
1:50 pm
S371 - Spinks lab
Meeting Minutes


1. Ask about an example requirements document

	Nope, everything has changed, it would be less than helpful
	Add Parker(pdn844) to the discord for asking for help, @ him for more immediate help
	Read through the assignment posting and the IEEE SES

2. Check if a command line version is required?
	
	deeply optional

3. Start looking at UI layout

	everyone put together sketches and ideas, share at tuesday's meeting
	once we have an idea, put it in a GUI drawer
	