Jan 29, 2019
1:30 pm - 2:30pm
G14 Murray Library
Meeting minutes - no agenda was completed beforehand but we did have an idea of what we wanted to discuss


- Sat down and looked over UI mockups by all group members. Decided on what parts we all wanted to keep and which needed to go, we now have a good idea of what the screens will all look like following our game flow discussion last Sunday


- Decided on the structure of our requirements document, discussed what sections to include and which to disregard, need to discuss with TA to better understand some of what is expected in certain sections


- All team members have some sections to work on before our meeting on Thursday but suspect our document will need serious revising and likely will need more detail