Mar 28, 2019
1:50 pm
Spinks S371
Meeting Minutes for group G3

1. All pair programming sessions are completed at this point but a lot of work remains to be done on the project. Discuss areas of responsibility, expectations, scheduling.
	AI				- Troy
	Controller		- Olivier / Joel
	AspectJ			- Troy
	Logging			- with AspectJ
	JSON / networking	- Troy
	View			- Destin
	
	these are primary people on these, but work can and should definitely be spread more as required

2. Speak to TA about advice on Json message conversion and server communication questions:
    - Troy and Destin tested using Gson yesterday but couldn't figure out how to mock actual Json messages like those that the server would send. (resolved this morning?)
    - How to convert custom classes that we're using to Json objects that the server will recognize.

3. Ask for feedback on Test Plan if its been graded, talk about areas where more testing is needed and correct misunderstandings if there were any previously, specifically about what an end to end test/integration test/unit test should entail if our interpretation was incorrect.
	- not yet finished grading
	- will be done Monday, hopefully Saturday
	- He's trying to be extra clear about what's important

4. As this is the last scheduled TA meeting, ask for any final feedback and advice.
	- "work a lot"
	- decide which rainbow rulesets we want to implement
	- talked about wildcard options for playing cards